This is here to help me (Peter Sarkoci) to keep track of the overal buildup.

1) the notion of the euclidean tree is clear, just one note -- this has to be
    defined as an vertext-wise immersion of a regular graph theoretic tree
    into a Euclidean space. This is important in order to allow for overlaping
    vertices while not coalescing their identities.
2) then we have the notion of a euclidean tree with relaxation, which is an
    edge-valued euclidean tree where the value of each edge is greater or equal
    to its euclidean length.
    Price of such a tree is the sum of all edge-valuations over all edges.
    This edge-valuation can be seen as another, concurent information about
    lengths of edges -- kind of _imposed_ edge lengths.
    The notion actually captures a natural concept -- a euclidean tree with
    curvy edges.
    Indeed, while euclidean space imposes a lower bound on the length of an
    edge (which corresponds to straigth edges that are line segments), here the
    edge can be curvy and longer.
    If for an edge the edge-valuation equals the euclidean distance of its
    vertices, it is said to be spanned; otherwise it is said to be relaxed.
    If all adges are spanned, the whole euclidean tree with relaxation is said
    to be spanned.
    Clearly, every euclidean tree with relaxation has one center with respect
    to its natural edge-lengths and another (possibly the same) with respect to 
    the imposed edge lengths.
3) A euclidean tree with relaxation is said to be LED if, with respect to the
    imposed edge-lengths all leaves have the same excentricity.
    For every euclidean tree with at least one edge there are infinitely many
    valuations that turn it into a LED tree.
    These valuations form a convex polytope and the relaxed price is a linear
    functional over this set.
    Observe that this convex polytope depends only on the structure of the
    underlying euclidean tree; consequently, the minimum price over all
    led-trees in said polytope depends only on the underlying euclidean tree.
    Hence there exists a unique minimal price for every euclidean tree, we can
    call it the led-price of the euclidean tree as opposed to the standard (or
    vanilla, or euclidean) price of the euclidean tree.
4)  Searching for the euclidean tree with prescribed positions of leaves which
    minimizes the euclidean price gives rise to the minimal Steiner tree
    problem.
    Similarly, searching for the euclidean tree with prescribed positions of
    leaves which minimizes the led-price gives rise to the minimal led-tree
    problem.
5) Our aim (or one of our aims) is to completely solve the minimal led tree
    problem in cse of three leaves.
6) For every euclidean tree its LED-price and its center can be computed by a
    simple algorithm (this should be included, explained and proven in the
    theses)
7) The vertices that have to be added to the set of prescribed leaves in order
    to construct a tree are called steiner vertices.
    In the case of three leaves every tree will have exactly one steiner
    vertex $S$.
    Solving the euclidean steiner led-tree problem ammounts to finding the
    optimal position of this $S$.
    So far this is done by a series of results that incrementaly uncovers the
    structure of the problem.
7a) Three given leaves always form vertices of a triangle, albeit sometimes a
    degenerate one.
    Therefore all possible positions of three vertices in the plane map
    bijectively onto the set of all planar triangles (including the degenerate
    ones).
    Obviously, our problem is equivariant wrt to all conformalities of the
    plane, so instances of this problem naturally decompose into classes of
    equivalence.
    These are in one-to-one correspondence with similarity classes of the
    triangles in plane.
    Every such class has a unique representative with vertices at $(0,0)$ and
    $(1,0)$ and with the third vertex above the $x$-axis to the left of the
    line $x=0.5$ where the side incident with $x$-axis being its longes side.
7b) First of all, it is relatively simple to prove, that the optimal LED-price
    is attained when $S$ lies on one of the axes of symmetry of the three
    sides of the triangle gien by the three leaves.
    This is true even in all the degenerate cases.
7c) Now the question is on which of those side axes should the steiner vertex
    sit.
    Our claim is that the minimal led price is obtained whenever $S$ sits on
    the axis of the shortest side.
